Things to understand while building serverless app with aws lambda:
- a basic frontend which is used to call APIgateway URL (used axios)
links : https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-make-get-call-to-an-api-using-axios-in-javascript/
- Create a basic HelloWorld function to understand how lambda works (There's a hello world template you can work with in the lambda functions)
- Learnt how to upload a serverless function(nodejs with dependencies) using export handler function (.zip file after running the node js )
- setting up a lambda trigger using an apigateway (https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-serverless-app-with-aws-lambda-hands-on/)
- debug: CORS permissions, dependencies, time out(configurations - increase timeout)

How to create a node js function in aws lambda (step by step):
1. First test run your function on your local machine and build it using node, establishing all the node modules and dependencies associated with it.
2. Create a function using a Name(function-name) with settings as (author from scratch, runtme: nodejs latest version, architecture (x86_64)- similar to your local machine used to setup the node dependencies)
3. Then you can see the basic Hello World! code as default, you can test it and try to understand how it works by altering it and playing around.
4. Now in our local machine go the local folder where the node js app was build, and inside that folder zip the code along with its dependencies directly into a zip file named after the function-name.
5. Upload it using .zip in the code tab of the function.
6. see to it that the handler function is setup correctly.
7. test (check timeout and dependencies probably if anything goes wrong)
8. add an API gateway (create an API, REST, open)
9. debug (maybe CORS permissions in the API gateway actions tab of the selected API, and enable cors over 400 and 500 and allow all - ofcourse just for the purpose of this project)
10. Use the api gateway url to make a get request. (I tried to make a POST request using the player and country data but I can't seem to make it work, I have to go into more depth, so for this project purposes we can use the db to access and check data)

